Autoconfiguration
-----------------
This document explains how system administrators at sites with large
numbers of Connector users can customize the details of Connector
account autoconfiguration. (The basic details about how and when
autoconfiguration happens are in the Evolution user documentation.)


The general idea is that you can provide certain autoconfiguration
hints by creating a file /etc/ximian/connector.conf or
${PREFIX}/etc/connector.conf with information like:

    OWA-URL: https://exchange.rupertcorp.com/exchange/
    Global-Catalog: ad1.rupertcorp.com


Basic Autoconfiguration
-----------------------
When autoconfiguring, Connector asks the user for the OWA URL, plus
the user's username and password. If the Exchange server supports NTLM
("secure password") authentication, Connector will be able to find the
NT and Windows 2000 domain names, eg "RUPERTCORP" and "rupertcorp.com"
respectively. If DNS is set up correctly, Connector can then find the
name of a Global Catalog server for that domain:

    $ host -t srv _gc._tcp.rupertcorp.com
    _gc._tcp.rupertcorp.com SRV 0 100 3268 ad1.rupertcorp.com.

And given the global catalog, and certain information stored in the
Exchange mailbox, Connector can then find the user's full name, email
address, etc, to complete autoconfiguration.


Explicitly specifying the OWA URL
---------------------------------
You can specify a default OWA URL to use with the "OWA-URL" hint. Eg:

    OWA-URL: https://exchange.rupertcorp.com/exchange/


Explicitly specifying the Global Catalog server
-----------------------------------------------
If the Exchange server has been configured to not allow NTLM
authentication, or if there is an intercepting HTTP proxy on your
network that unintentionally interferes with NTLM authentication, then
Connector will have to use Plaintext Password authentication. In this
case, Connector will not be able to autodetect the global catalog
name. Similarly, if the user is trying to configure Connector from
outside the firewall, it is possible that the DNS pointer to the GC
server will not be visible.

In either case, you can add a "Global-Catalog" hint to the config
file:

    Global-Catalog: ad1.rupertcorp.com

If autoconfiguration cannot determine the global catalog name (either
automatically or by looking in the config file) then the user will
need to enter it manually.


Explicitly specifying domain information
----------------------------------------
You can also add:

    NT-Domain: RUPERTCORP

This is useful if Plaintext Password authentication will be required
and the Exchange server does not automatically assume that domain.


Other config hints
------------------
GAL-Limit: 500
    Default search size limit for GAL searches.

Disable-Plaintext: True
    Makes autoconfiguration refuse to fall back to Plaintext Password
    if NTLM doesn't work.
